Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#278)
apache/arrow-julia: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute Apache Arrow Julia

## Did you find a bug or have an improvement?

> We recommend you first search among existing [Github issues](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/issues). The community may already address the same idea. If you could find the issue, you may want to contribute to the existing issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you first search among existing [GitHub issues](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/issues). The community may already address the same idea. If you could find the issue, you may want to contribute to the existing issue.
```

## How do you write a patch that fixes a bug or brings an improvement? 

> If you cannot find the same idea in the issues, you first need to write a GitHub issue (e.g. [issues in Arrow-julia](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/issues)) for a bug fix or planned features for the improvement. To write an issue would help the community have visibility and opportunities for collaborations before a pull request (PR) shows up. This is for the [Apache way](http://theapacheway.com/). We can use GitHub labels to identify bugs.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot find the same idea in the issues, you first need to write a GitHub issue (e.g. [issues in apache/arrow-julia](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/issues)) for a bug fix or planned features for the improvement. To write an issue would help the community have visibility and opportunities for collaborations before a pull request (PR) shows up. This is for the [Apache way](http://theapacheway.com/). We can use GitHub labels to identify bugs.   
```

It should not be necessary to file an issue for some non-code changes, such as CI changes or minor documentation updates such as fixing typos.

> After writing the issue, you may want to write a code by creating [a PR](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/pulls). In the PR, it is preferable to refer to the issue number (e.g. `#1`) that you already created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After writing the issue, you can submit code by creating [a PR](https://github.com/apache/arrow-julia/pulls). In the PR, it is preferable to refer to the issue number (e.g. `#1`) that you already created.
```

## Do you want to propose a significant new feature or an important refactoring?

> We ask that all discussions about major changes in the codebase happen publicly on the [arrow-dev mailing-list](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@arrow.apache.org).

Reviewer: I think that we can GitHub issues and/or arrow-dev mailing list.
We can keep ["Open" in Apache way](http://theapacheway.com/open/) on GitHub issues like other bug reports and feature requests.

@quinnj What do you think about this?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the norm in the Julia ecosystem is to use GitHub issues or the new "discussions" feature, which I find both much more easy to digest/follow than mailing list threads. Which reminds me, can we turn on the "Discussions" feature for the arrow-julia repo please? It should just be a checkbox in the repo settings.

## Do you have questions about the source code, the build procedure or the development process?

> You can also ask on the mailing-list, see above.

Reviewer: In addition to the arrow-dev mailing list, I think that we can use GitHub issues and/or GitHub discussions (we can enable this by `.asf.yaml`).

@quinnj What do you think about this?

## Local Development

When developing on Arrow.jl it is recommended that you run the following to ensure that any changes to ArrowTypes.jl are immediately available to Arrow.jl without requiring a release:

```
julia --project -e 'using Pkg; Pkg.develop(path="src/ArrowTypes")'
```

## Release cycle

> The Julia community would like an independent release cycle. Release for apache/arrow doesn't include the Julia implementation. The Julia implementation uses separated version scheme. (apache/arrow uses 6.0.0 as the next version but the next Julia implementation release doesn't use 6.0.0.)

Reviewer: 6.0.0 has been released. So the example may confuse.

```suggestion
The Julia community would like an independent release cycle. Release for apache/arrow doesn't include the Julia implementation. The Julia implementation uses separated version scheme.
```

> The Julia community would like an independent release cycle. Release for apache/arrow doesn't include the Julia implementation. The Julia implementation uses separated version scheme. (apache/arrow uses 6.0.0 as the next version but the next Julia implementation release doesn't use 6.0.0.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Julia community releases independently from the main [apache/arrow](https://github.com/apache/arrow) project. Release for apache/arrow doesn't include the Julia implementation. The Julia implementation uses the more traditional version scheme typical of packages in the Julia ecosystem. The apache/arrow project does regular major version releases, like 6.0.0, whereas apache/arrow-julia will only do major version releases for breaking changes to the user-facing package API.
```
